Add ability to set code block arguments (#699)
elastic/docs-builder: docs/syntax/substitutions.md

| {{a-key-with-dashes}} | Front Matter |
| {{a-global-variable}} | `docset.yml` |

> Substitutions should work in code blocks too. But you need to explicitly enable them by adding `subs=true` to the code block.

Reviewer: nit: take out language about "should" work

```suggestion

## Code blocks

Substitutions are supported in code blocks but are disabled by default. Enable substitutions by adding `subs=true` to the code block.
```

> ````markdown

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Code directive

````markdown
```

```bash subs=true
# Your code with variables
```
````

> ::::{tab-set}

Reviewer: It wasn't immediately clear to me what all three of these examples were for. Can we add headings to make it clearer?

```suggestion
### Markdown code block with substitutions enabled

::::{tab-set}
```

:::{tab-item} Output

```{code} sh subs=true
wget https://artifacts.elastic.co/downloads/elasticsearch/elasticsearch-{{version}}-linux-x86_64.tar.gz
wget https://artifacts.elastic.co/downloads/elasticsearch/elasticsearch-{{version}}-linux-x86_64.tar.gz.sha512
shasum -a 512 -c elasticsearch-{{version}}-linux-x86_64.tar.gz.sha512
tar -xzf elasticsearch-{{version}}-linux-x86_64.tar.gz
cd elasticsearch-{{version}}/
```

:::

:::{tab-item} Markdown

````markdown
```{code} sh subs=true
wget https://artifacts.elastic.co/downloads/elasticsearch/elasticsearch-{{version}}-linux-x86_64.tar.gz
wget https://artifacts.elastic.co/downloads/elasticsearch/elasticsearch-{{version}}-linux-x86_64.tar.gz.sha512
shasum -a 512 -c elasticsearch-{{version}}-linux-x86_64.tar.gz.sha512
tar -xzf elasticsearch-{{version}}-linux-x86_64.tar.gz
cd elasticsearch-{{version}}/
```
````
:::

::::

> ::::{tab-set}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Markdown code block without substitutions enabled

::::{tab-set}
```

:::{tab-item} Output

```bash subs=true
echo "{{a-global-variable}}"
```

:::

:::{tab-item} Markdown

````markdown
```bash subs=true
echo "{{a-global-variable}}"
```

````
:::

> ::::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###  MD code block without subs enabled
 
::::
```
